Split claim into execution inputs and results (#339)
cnabio/cnab-spec: 400-claims.md

- `installation` (REQUIRED): The name of the _installation_. This can be automatically generated, though humans may need to interact with it. It MUST be unique within the installation environment, though that constraint MUST be imposed externally. Elsewhere, this field is referenced as the _installation name_. The format of this field must follow the same format used for the `installation` field in the [bundle.json file specification](101-bundle-json.md#the-bundlejson-file).
- `parameters` (OPTIONAL): Key/value pairs that were passed in during the operation. These are stored so that the operation can be re-run. Some implementations MAY choose not to store these for security or portability reasons. However, there are some caveats. See the [Parameters](#parameters) section below for details.
- `result` (REQUIRED): The outcome of the bundle's last action (e.g. if action is install, this indicates the outcome of the installation.). It is an object with the following fields:
  - `message` (OPTIONAL): A human-readable string that communicates the outcome. Error messages MAY be included in `failure` conditions.

>   - `modified` (OPTIONAL): A timestamp indicating the last time this result was modified. Executing the installation action MUST set this to a timestamp that matches the claim's `created`. Executing any modifying action (`upgrade`, `uninstall`, or a custom action with the property `"modifies": true`) MUST set this field to the time of the operation.

Reviewer: I think it would be useful to track start and end time of operations, but `modified` doesn't quite provide enough information to handle this. Could we add something like `startTime` and `endTime`?

Author: Oh yeah I had that in my notes and forgot to add it. 👍

Reviewer 2: Just to be clear: `modified` is the time the claim was last modified, not the time of an operation. I think `started` and `stopped` below are relevant to the runtime's execution time, right?

Author: Modified is when the claim result was last modified. We moved it to result since nothing on the parent claim changes after the claim is created.

Start and Stop are for the execution time, correct.

- `parameters` (OPTIONAL): Key/value pairs that were passed in during the operation. These are stored so that the operation can be re-run. Some implementations MAY choose not to store these for security or portability reasons. However, there are some caveats. See the [Parameters](#parameters) section below for details.
- `result` (REQUIRED): The outcome of the bundle's last action (e.g. if action is install, this indicates the outcome of the installation.). It is an object with the following fields:
  - `action` (REQUIRED): The name of the action that last caused this claim to be updated. This may be any of the built-in actions (`install`, `upgrade`, `uninstall`) as well as any custom actions as defined in the bundle descriptor. The special name `unknown` MAY be used in the case where the CNAB Runtime cannot determine the action name of a claim.
  - `message` (OPTIONAL): A human-readable string that communicates the outcome. Error messages MAY be included in `failure` conditions.

>   - `outputs` (OPTIONAL): List of output names generated by the operation. These are stored so that the user can access them after the operation completes. Some implementations MAY choose not to store these for security or portability reasons. See the [Outputs](#outputs) section for details. If this field is not present, it may be assumed that no outputs were generated as a result of the operation.

Reviewer 3: It appears we don't have an entry for the `modified` property here under `result`... it may have been lost when removing from the main claim properties section.

  - `status` (REQUIRED): Indicates the status of the last phase transition. Valid statuses are:
    - `failure`: Failed before completion.
    - `pending`: Execution has been requested and has not begun.

>     - `running`: Execution is in progress and has not yet completed.

Author: Oh shoot, sorry. This branch originally had all the changes together that came out of our claim WG, and then this snuck in. Thanks for catching that!

### Outputs

The claim `result` provies a list of output names generated by the operation. A tool may choose to request the contents of any outputs to persist them but is not required to do so.

The output name, as defined in the bundle, is used to request the content of the file located at the path defined for that output.

> Below, you can see an example of a claim result that included an output file, `clientCert`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Below, you can see an example of a claim result that includes an entry for the output `clientCert`.
```
